Contacts
C : +40 724 441 013
E : fgabriel.mihailescu@gmail.com
  
Tech Skills
HTML5
CSS
GIT
Javascript
ReactJs
NextJs
Styled components
Framer motion
React Router
React Hook Form
Bootstrap
CSS Modules
Node.js
ExpressJS
MongoDB
SASS
Tailwind CSS
Redux
Soft Skills
Communication
Adaptability
Problem-solving
Time-Management
Teamwork
Dedication
Front End Developer
Mihailescu Fanush Gabriel
Hello, my name is Fanush and I am a front-end developer. I've been learning the ways
of web development for a few years now, and I absolutely love it! I like coming up with
creative solutions to problems, and I always enjoy working on projects that are
visually appealing that that have innovative interactions for users.
I am currently looking for a job as a front-end developer. I am open to any
opportunities that will allow me to grow as a developer and as a person.
Work experience
Front-End Developer HP Inc.
April 2023 - Present | Bucharest, remote
Implemented websites, landing pages, web applications, web pages and emails
from concept through deployment, using Javascript, jQuery, HTML (Bootstrap &
Foundation frameworks), CSS (vanilla, Sass, Less).
Assessed UX and UI designs for technical feasibility
Collaborated with product team members to implement new feature
developments
Standardized all output with a new, responsive, mobile-rst approach and strategy
Optimizing web pages for maximum speed, scalability and SEO results
Converting various designs from .psd (or similar les) in a clean and reusable code,
respecting all the UX and UI requirements
Maintaining brand consistency throughout design
Striking a balance between functional and aesthetic design
Create templates for emails, landing pages to be used much more easier in the
future, set up list segmentation, forms, manage and upload list pulls for digital
campaigns.
Front-End Developer at Frontend Mentor Freelance
May 2022 - April 2023 | Bucharest, remote
Frontend Mentor provides designs so that you can practice your front-end skills
using a real-life workow. The challenges include designs (both mobile and
desktop), assets, and a style guide to get you started.
Worked on different projects that allowed me to learn a lot about different topics
such as form validation, DOM Manipulation, creating visually appealing designs,
making API calls, switching off your entire workow and trying different
frameworks for styling such as Sass instead of plain CSS, React instead of vanilla
Javascript.
I also enjoyed challenging myself to do these projects in a xed amount of time.
Got comfortable with versioning systems such as Git
Frontend developer (part-time) Ned Com SRL
December 2021 - April 2022 | Bucharest
Maintained and developed new features for the company's website.
Worked on the company's website in order to make it more responsive and visually
appealing.
Provided support for the company's website regarding accessibility and SEO.
Updating the website with new content according to the client's portfolio and
needs.
Projects
. My portfolio website
This is my portfolio website where I showcase my work as a front-end developer. It is
built using HTML, Sass, and JavaScript. The website features a collection of my projects,
providing visitors with an overview of my skills and expertise. Each project includes a
description, technologies used, and a link to view the project live. Additionally, the
website includes an "About Me" section where I share information about my
background, experience, and passion for web development. Visitors can learn more
about my skills, interests, and professional journey. To make it easy for potential clients
or employers to get in touch with me, the website also includes a contact form. Visitors
can ll out the form to send me a message directly, allowing for seamless
communication. Overall, my portfolio website serves as a comprehensive representation
of my work, skills, and personality, providing a glimpse into what I can bring to any front-
end development project.
Technologies used: HTML, SASS, Javascript
. NedCom Imobiliare
This is a website that I created for a real estate company. It was created using the latest
technologies that I studied such as NextJs, which is a full-stack React framework that
allowed me to create a website using server components which greatly improved
performance as well as search engine optimization. I also worked with CSS Mobules to
ensure the uniqueness of compoents as well as the responsiveness of the website.
NextJs also allowed me to create a custom API that I used to fetch the data from the
backend and display it on the frontend as well as make form submission and route
them via email.
Technologies used: NextJs, React Leaet, CSS Modules, Nodemailer,Swiper
. Viktoria Mua Make-up
This is a website that I created for a make-up artist. It was a very interesting project as I
got to learn a lot about how to create a website from scratch, how to make it responsive,
how to make it visually appealing and how to make it SEO friendly. I also learned how to
use a lot of different tools such as Figma, SASS, Tailwind CSS, and how to use them in
order to make my workow easier and more efcient.
Technologies used: HTML,CSS, React, React Hook Form
. Ignite website
An amazing website created as a concept for an artist to present his work experience
and his portfolio. I used React as a framework and I also used React Router in order to
create the navigation between the pages. I also used Styled Components in order to
style the website and make it responsive and Framer motion to include nice and
expressive animations.
Technologies used: React, Framer-motion, React Router, HTML, Styled Components.
Education
Liceul Teoretic "George Calinescu"
Matematica-Informatica
October 2012 - June 2016 | Bucharest